hey everyone it's been a while so I
figured it was time for another video of
host because what's cooler than video
posts right so um I'm still living in
Minnesota and it's gotten a little bit
cold as you can maybe guess by the fact
that i'm wearing a sweater turtleneck
and i'm sitting in bed yes it was 20
degrees today fabulous i'm very excited
to go to Florida this weekend because my
mother tells me that it will be in the
70s there be pretty awesome I don't
really mind the cold horribly but it's
cold I can't go running outside right
now ooh but I have started doing this
really cool deep water aerobics at the
pool we like to call it or Liddy
swimming ah but it's a lot of fun it
makes me work out really hard I'm a
little summer actually from my workout
tonight and I went on Monday night to
trying to do the whole gym thing more
which I suppose all of you know if you
read my recent blog post so on to what I
really want to show everybody and tell
everybody about in my really cool video
post because this is totally really well
suited to video post a week ago I had a
really sweet program with the kids from
the Minnesota State Academy for the Deaf
aka the deaf kids and some of them are
just hard of hearing and not deaf but we
did this nature's pyramid thing where we
talked about the food web and what eats
what and it kind of turned into a let's
just play around in nature and point
things out to people but we look for
homes where animals lived and signs of
animals because it's freaking cold
outside and you can't find any animals
and I learned some new sites so I'm
going to teach you all squirrel nest
pretty awesome ok I'm going to have the
computer back
okay squirrel nest beautiful tree trees
leave a baby leaf is how I sign of blood
there's apparently a real sign for it
but I didn't catch that one so I just
throws be like where's the baby live
what baby leaf oh this is what what so
you can say while you do it like this so
you can say what more did they eat or
you can say what did the bird eat pretty
awesome this is mushroom we learned
about decomposers let's see what else
did oh very right coolest thing turtle
water pond turtle pond to make a w water
and the other thing that I really like
to do is um this is this time for die
except i realize everything's all
backwards in my video so if somebody out
there really speaks anime she's looking
it's like out backwards because the
video is backwards which I guess dude
def you wouldn't be able to hear anyway
right oh so the squirrel died you eat
the tree it does you eat the leaf it
does dies use that a lot that was very
exciting um let's see you learn anything
else really cool no I really just like
to say what more do you eat bird bird
eat right
so that's the sign language it's really
sweet um I enjoy it I like the Deaf kids
I wish that I knew more sign language um
because it's cool I mean why not / I
also cut my hair by the way I'm trying
to keep up with this whole haircutting
thing you know because it's the only
part of like my vanity that I pay
attention to not still very good at it
but that's okay um in other news about
me i'll post 101 things in my money
stuff at some point maybe before i leave
maybe not um i'm contemplating becoming
a teacher it's kind of cool I'm gonna go
shadow some classrooms see how I feel
about it see if I'm ready to grow up I
don't know I've been looking at programs
for the last half hour on the internet
and it's depressing because I might have
to go take chemistry and physics again
because they you know want you to teach
more than just biology which would be
cool but then they want you to qualified
how crazy is that ah anyway um I suppose
that's all for now because this is a 5
minute long video and I taught you some
very cool signs and it's almost 11 and
I'm flying at my stomach packed so we
should go work on that anyway thanks
internet for listening thanks for
letting my signs I hope I didn't screw
them up too badly and have a good day
happy thanksgiving